docs: Custom Applications multiple permissions (#2806)
commercetools/merchant-center-application-kit: website/src/releases/2022-12/custom-applications-multiple-permissions.mdx

---
date: 2022-12-15
title: Custom Applications multiple permissions

> description: Introducing more granular permissions for Custom Applications.

Reviewer: 💯

type: feature
topics:
  - Merchant Center
  - Configuration
  - CLI
---

The Application Kit packages have been released with a minor version `v21.21.0`.

> Custom Applications now enable optional configuration for defining more granular [OAuth Scopes and user permissions](/concepts/oauth-scopes-and-user-permissions#permission-groups) to cover more strict business requirements.

Reviewer: Thanks for keeping it concise! 🤗

I would maybe elaborate a bit more and point to the updated parts of the documentation.

```suggestion
Custom Applications now allow to define more granular OAuth Scopes and user permissions to cover more strict business requirements. You can create [multiple permission groups](/concepts/oauth-scopes-and-user-permissions#permission-groups) and [assign different OAuth Scopes](/concepts/oauth-scopes-and-user-permissions#oauth-scopes) to them. These permission groups can be then [assigned to teams](/merchant-center/managing-custom-applications#assigning-team-permissions) in a more granular way.
```

Author: Thanks, updated 🙂

> The Application Kit packages have been released with a minor version `v21.21.0`.
> 
> Custom Applications now allow to define more granular OAuth Scopes and user permissions to cover more strict business requirements. You can create [multiple permission groups](/concepts/oauth-scopes-and-user-permissions#permission-groups) and [assign different OAuth Scopes](/concepts/oauth-scopes-and-user-permissions#oauth-scopes) to them. These permission groups can be then [assigned to teams](/merchant-center/managing-custom-applications#assigning-team-permissions) in a more granular way.
> 
> As always, if you have questions or feedback, you can open a [GitHub Discussion](https://github.com/commercetools/merchant-center-application-kit/discussions) or a [GitHub Issue](https://github.com/commercetools/merchant-center-application-kit/issues).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Application Kit packages have been released with a minor version, `v21.21.0`.

Custom Applications now allow defining more granular OAuth Scopes and user permissions to cover more strict business requirements. You can create [multiple permission groups](/concepts/oauth-scopes-and-user-permissions#permission-groups) and [assign different OAuth Scopes](/concepts/oauth-scopes-and-user-permissions#oauth-scopes) to them. These permission groups can then be [assigned to teams](/merchant-center/managing-custom-applications#assigning-team-permissions) in a more granular way.

As always, if you have questions or feedback, you can open a [GitHub Discussion](https://github.com/commercetools/merchant-center-application-kit/discussions) or a [GitHub Issue](https://github.com/commercetools/merchant-center-application-kit/issues).
```
